Documentation for redesigned sidechains (#1516)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/references/protocol-reference/transactions/transaction-types/xchaincreateclaimid.md

## Example {{currentpage.name}} JSON

```json
{
  "Account": "rahDmoXrtPdh7sUdrPjini3gcnTVYjbjjw",
  "OtherChainSource": "rMTi57fNy2UkUb4RcdoUeJm7gjxVQvxzUo",
  "TransactionType": "XChainCreateClaimID",
  "SignatureReward": "100",
  "XChainBridge": {
    "LockingChainDoor": "rMAXACCrp3Y8PpswXcg3bKggHX76V3F8M4",
    "LockingChainIssue": {
      "currency": "XRP"
    },
    "IssuingChainDoor": "rHb9CJAWyB4rj91VRWn96DkukG4bwdtyTh",
    "IssuingChainIssue": {
      "currency": "XRP"
    }
  }
}
```

{% include '_snippets/tx-fields-intro.md' %}

| Field         | JSON Type           | [Internal Type][] | Description        |
|:--------------|:--------------------|:------------------|:-------------------|
| `OtherChainSource` | String | AccountID | The source account on the other chain. |
| `SignatureReward`  | Number  | Token |  _Required_ The total amount, in XRP, to be rewarded for providing a signature for cross-chain transfer or for signing for the cross-chain reward. This amount will be split among the signers. This must be at least the value of `SignaturesReward` in the `Bridge` ledger object. |

> | `XChainBridge`| String | Object | _Required_ The XChainBridge stanza represents the bridge for which the witness is attesting transactions. |

Reviewer: This sentence can be shorter:

```suggestion
| `XChainBridge` | String | STObject | Yes | The bridge for which the witness is attesting transactions. |
```

| `LockingChainDoor` | String | AccountID | The door account on the locking chain. |
| `LockingChainIssue` | String | Token | The token that is bridged on the locking chain. |
| `IssuingChainDoor` | String  |  AccountID | The door account on the issuing chain. |
| `IssuingChainIssue` | String | Token | The token that is bridged on the issuing chain. |

> | `MinAccountCreateAmount`  | Number  |   |  _Optional_ The minimum amount, in XRP, required for a `XChainCreateAccountCommit` transaction. This is only applicable for XRP-XRP bridges and transactions fail if this field is not present. |

Reviewer: Same notes on this table as the others:

- Add a **Required?** column
- Link the chain object definition rather than inlining its nested fields
- Double-check the JSON and internal types

> <!-- ## Error Cases

Reviewer: Maybe add a ticket to the backlog to track adding the error cases to the XChain transaction types?
